You know it's a trap
Why are you jumping in?
Yes, Jingyun
Can't you be willful about this?
A little careless
Our Lin family will fall into a forbidden land that will never be restored
Mother I know
But he, Gu Beichen, has long been eyeing our Lin family
Just let them go
What do you mean, girl?
He Gu Beichen didn't want to do tobacco business
Do you want to attract investment?
Then we'll let him go
Goldfish
What do you want?
I want them to take care of their family
die
Golden Moon
Father and mother have promised to invest in us, right?
Great from now on
The entire golden bottle will be in our hands
Hahaha Wei Chen
What about this?
Jingyun has helped a lot
You have to treat her well
It's golden moon
As a member of the Gu family
Something like this happened to the Gu family
My wife naturally has to contribute
Sister, are you doing well?
But our Lin family is not without conditions
What is this in-law helping in-law?
What other terms are there to discuss?
And it's very simple.
Our neighbor's business has been sluggish recently.
I heard that the tobacco business is very profitable
So we want to get involved.